hi guys so first you want to apply a
primer to the eyes I'm using NYX
eyeshadow base and after that I'm going
to use NYX jumbo eye pencil in milk and
this is going to be a base so that it
can help that I shadows be more vibrant
now using my Miami appellate i'm going
to use caramel and cns transition colors
so first here i'm just applying caramel
into the area between the brow bone and
the crease and then after that i'm going
bad as my son trying to take over the
video as usual and after that right here
i'm just going to be applying sienna and
now i'm going to take deep brown and
going to apply that right below the
transition colors into the crease and
the outer v
and you just want to blend that until
it's no more harsh lines
now taking one of my favorite colors in
this palette i'm going to use glisten
and put that on the lid and Pat it on
there as i'm doing the patty cake and
just keep patting until i get the
desired look that I want and now i'm
going to put glitter on top of that from
powder and pandemonium called Medusa and
this camera is not doing this glitter
any justice whatsoever I wish you could
see it in person it's so beautiful and
next I'm going to use aqua and I'm going
to put that into the tier Doug and I'm
just going to Pat it on and keep doing
that until I get the desired color that
I want and now using NYX to do liquid
eyeliner this is my favorite eyeliner at
the moment I'm going to put that on as a
wing and I'm going to make it nice and
thick because that's how I like it and
now i'm going to apply my under-eye
concealer and stuff that with some elf
HD under I setting powder
and I'm going to take Siena again and
put that onto the lower lash line and
kind of smoke it out until it gets like
a gradient effect and then I'm going to
take aqua and put it into the tear duct
again just to deepen the color and now
the look is complete the lipstick that I
am wearing is called morning rose by Mac
thanks so much for watching please
subscribe to my channel if you're not
already and I'll see you guys in my next
video